https://codepen.io/victoriamount/pen/ExKwjRP


Copy the questions below into the first-lastname.txt file on your github repo - answer each question and then push your changes. 

    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    Tags that indicate meaning immediately, such as <header> or <section>

    2. What is HTML used for? 
    Markup language, used to display data

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    Attributes provide information such as URLS about an element within a tag, and are included in the tag 

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    Heading tag, used only once to indicate overall title of the page

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    img and a 

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    <header>

    7. What is an id? 
    A unique identifier for a given element

    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    Tags

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    Only once

    10. What is a class? 
    An identifier that may be used on multiple elements; for example, adding functionality to change individual word colors within a paragraph

    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    Tags

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    No limit

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    <a href="URL" target="_blank">

    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
    It is used to provide an alternate should the image not be available or if a user is using a screenreader 

    15. How do I reference an id?
    In CSS? #idName {...}

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    Section is a semantic tag, and indicates that a chunk of a website is cohesive in content, while div is non-semantic and simply groups elements so that they can be manipulated together

    17. What is CSS used for? 
    Styling and laying out an HTML page

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    h2 {...} 

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    A class is used when the functionality is to be repeated, such as applying text effects across a site, while each ID can only be used once, and is useful in situations such as styling a header or footer

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    .className {...}

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    p.human {...}

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    Allows for styling of an element (the child) only when it occurs within a specified parent element

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    .sidebar a {...}

    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    Allows changes to be made to an element when it is in a special state, for example p:hover {...} would style p elements when the cursor hovers over it 

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    line-height

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    letter-spacing

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    text-transform: uppercase / lowercase / capitalize;

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    border: 1px dotted black;

    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    * {...}, universal selector 
    
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    /* comment here */

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    pwd

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls 

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    rm file, there is no checkpoint to make sure you want it deleted, and it gets fully deleted 

    34. Why should I use version control? 
    It allows multiple developers to work on a project at once 

    35. How often should I commit to github?
    Often! 

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git push -u origin branch-name 

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    Fork in GitHub, add TL as collaborator in GitHub, copy link in GitHub and clone in CLI, branch with name victoria-mount in CLI and open in VS Code with code ., do assignment and commit regularly, push from CLI, pull request in GitHub 

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    Block elements end the line they're in with their closing tag, while inline elements continue on that line

    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    Its position is dependent upon its immediate ancestor

    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    Inline-block

    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    display: block - p, h1-6, header 
    display: inline - a & span 
    display: inline-block - img 

    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 
    The box model allows the space around an element to be resized and modified, with features moving inwards from the outside being: margin, border, padding, content. The downside is that padding and margins can ruin layouts where widths have been specified. We can fix the box model problem with box-sizing: border-box, which combines the total widths and heights. 

